chore: `v0.3.10rc1` release notes (#3534)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/release-notes.rst

    for advisory links:
    :'<,'>s/\v(https:\/\/github.com\/vyperlang\/vyper\/security\/advisories\/)([-A-Za-z0-9]+)/(`\2 <\1\2>`_)/g

v0.3.10 ("Black Adder")
***********************

Date released: 2023-08-04(?)

> v0.3.10 is a performance focused release. It adds a ``codesize`` optimization mode, adds new vyper-specific ``#pragma`` directive,s uses Cancun's ``MCOPY`` opcode for some compiler generated code, and generates selector tables which now feature O(1) performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v0.3.10 is a performance focused release. It adds a ``codesize`` optimization mode, adds new vyper-specific ``#pragma`` directives, uses Cancun's ``MCOPY`` opcode for some compiler generated code, and generates selector tables which now feature O(1) performance.
```
not sure if it is intended to be singular or plural

Breaking changes:
- chore: drop evm versions through istanbul (`#3470 <https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/pull/3470>`_)
- chore: remove vyper signature from runtime (`#3471 <https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/pull/3471>`_)

New features and improvements:
- feat: let params of internal functions be mutable (`#3473 <https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/pull/3473>`_)
- feat: add optimization mode to vyper compiler (`#3493 <https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/pull/3493>`_)
- feat: improve batch copy performance (`#3483 <https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/pull/3483>`_)

Notable fixes:
- fix: pycryptodome for arm-targeted binaries (`#3485 <https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/pull/3485>`_)

Other chores, docs and fixes

> - docs: shanghai is default compilation target (`#3474 <https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/pull/3474>`_)

Reviewer 2: IMO only amend the release notes (as already done via https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/pull/3474/files) for version `0.3.8` and remove this for the `0.3.10` since otherwise it might confuse the people reading it...
